# Salary-Hats
Salary Hats is a web application wheres users can view the salaries of their favorite sports teams in the 5 major US sports (basketball, hockey, soccer, football, baseball). If you do not follow sports, in most major sports, there a maximum amount of money that can be spent for the total team, and this application is meant to be able to help track all the players, along with their salaries for each season. This application will allow users to ask and view the salary implications to questions such as “What if we sign this player?”, “What if we trade this player for this other player?”, and “What if we release this player?”.

There are sites that are out on the internet currently that are similar, however these websites are purely informative. They allow you to view real salary cap data, and be able to sort it. However, it does not allow you to add/remove players from each team. My goal for this application was to make an interactive application so that users would be able to solve this problem. The targeted users for my application will be sports enthusiasts, whether professionally or just a casual fan. There does need to be a bit of background knowledge on how the salary caps work for each perspective sport that the user needs to know about, though there are help pages on each of the different sports teams that allows the user to gain some insight.

This is simple, simply download the code, and open the Home.html file in Google Chrome! There is no compilation or anything needed.
